WIP: Initial Xet docs (incomplete) (#1622)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-backends.md

### Using Xet Storage

To start using Xet Storage, you need a Xet-enabled repository and a Xet-aware version of the [huggingface_hub](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub) Python library.

<Tip>

To make Xet the default for all your repositories, [join the waitlist](https://huggingface.co/join/xet)! You can apply for yourself or your entire organization (requires [admin permissions](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/organizations-security)). Once approved, all current repositories will be automatically migrated to Xet and future repositories will be Xet-enabled by default.

</Tip>

To access a Xet-aware client, add the `hf_xet` Python package when installing `huggingface_hub`:

```bash
pip install huggingface_hub[hf_xet]
```

> If you use the `transformers` or `datasets` libraries instead of making requests through `huggingface_hub` then simply install `hf_xet` directly:

Reviewer: or just say it explicitly?

```suggestion
If you use the `transformers` or `datasets` libraries, it's already using `huggingface_hub` so you can simply install `hf_xet` in the same env:
```

> If you use the `transformers` or `datasets` libraries instead of making requests through `huggingface_hub` then simply install `hf_xet` directly:

Reviewer 2: better option: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/1622#discussion_r1995737181
